docs/transfer-http.md, before:

## TransferHttpCacheModule

`TransferHttpCacheModule` installs a Http interceptor that avoids duplicate `HttpClient` requests
on the client, for requests that were already made when the application was rendered on the server
side.

When the module is installed in the application `NgModule`, it will intercept `HttpClient` requests
on the server and store the response in the `TransferState` key-value store. This is transferred to the client, which then uses it to respond to the same `HttpClient` requests on the client.

### Usage

To use the `TransferHttpCacheModule`, first install it as part of the top-level App module.

```ts
import {TransferHttpCacheModule} from '@nguniversal/common';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    BrowserModule.withServerTransition({appId: 'my-app'}),
    TransferHttpCacheModule,
  ],
  bootstrap: [MyApp]
})
export class AppBrowserModule() {}
```
Then, import `ServerTransferStateModule` in your Server module.

```ts
import { NgModule } from "@angular/core";
import {
  ServerModule,
  ServerTransferStateModule
} from "@angular/platform-server";

import { AppModule } from "./app.module";
import { AppComponent } from "./app.component";

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    AppModule,
    ServerModule,
    ServerTransferStateModule
  ],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppServerModule {}

```
Finally, in `main.ts` change this:

```ts
...

platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppBrowserModule);
```
To this: 

```ts
...

document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", () => {
  platformBrowserDynamic()
    .bootstrapModule(AppBrowserModule)
    .catch(err => console.log(err));
});
```

Commit message:

Explain that TransferHttpCacheModule is only for GET requests
Explain the effect of Http requests other than GET will have on the TransferHttpCacheModule.

docs/transfer-http.md, after:

## TransferHttpCacheModule

`TransferHttpCacheModule` installs a Http interceptor that avoids duplicate `HttpClient` GET requests
on the client, for requests that were already made when the application was rendered on the server
side.

When the module is installed in the application `NgModule`, it will intercept `HttpClient` requests
on the server and store the response in the `TransferState` key-value store. This is transferred to the client, which then uses it to respond to the same `HttpClient` requests on the client.

Any Http request other than GET theoretically has the potential to mutate data and therefore will automatically disable the cache.

### Usage

To use the `TransferHttpCacheModule`, first install it as part of the top-level App module.

```ts
import {TransferHttpCacheModule} from '@nguniversal/common';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    BrowserModule.withServerTransition({appId: 'my-app'}),
    TransferHttpCacheModule,
  ],
  bootstrap: [MyApp]
})
export class AppBrowserModule() {}
```
Then, import `ServerTransferStateModule` in your Server module.

```ts
import { NgModule } from "@angular/core";
import {
  ServerModule,
  ServerTransferStateModule
} from "@angular/platform-server";

import { AppModule } from "./app.module";
import { AppComponent } from "./app.component";

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    AppModule,
    ServerModule,
    ServerTransferStateModule
  ],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppServerModule {}

```
Finally, in `main.ts` change this:

```ts
...

platformBrowserDynamic().bootstrapModule(AppBrowserModule);
```
To this: 

```ts
...

document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", () => {
  platformBrowserDynamic()
    .bootstrapModule(AppBrowserModule)
    .catch(err => console.log(err));
});
```
